hi and welcome to
learn of the latest designs and fresh
now I want to show you how to make these
hydrangea flowers with your heart punch
from Stampin Up
so let's get started you're going to
need your heart punch and a strip of
paper that's approximately 1 inch wide
okay and fold it in half lengthways
you're going to put your paper in so the
fold is down in there first making sure
that there's a gap between this point
and the fold and punch that out and you
will need two of these to make one
flower
okay unfold them and put them on a soft
arm embossing mat okay and use um your
stylus tool to just give some shape to
those petals and don't get concerned
that they crinkle up on the edges that's
the look that that we want to achieve
here
on the paper okay now to make the
hydrangea style flowers I'm going to
bring in a smaller embossing tool here
and I'm just going to add some vein
lines
okay now we're going to add some
certainly celery into the center of here
I'll just zoom this up for you just a
little bit and just add some color into
the center and that's going to pick up
those vein lines that you've embossed as
well okay to finish the color on these
hydrangeas
we're just going to sponge it with some
bashful blue of that and they go
together really easy just with a spotted
glue in the center and we just offset
then the next petal into a cross shape
we're right in to finish the flower I'm
going to add a little half pearl I get
it on high into the center okay and then
just pinch up either either ends of your
petals like that
and that's your flower done alright I'm
going to show you to the other type that
I've done it's very similar to the
hydrangea just got a our largest center
do the same just shape your petals like
that and then I've just gone in and used
almost amethyst here that is a retired
color but you can use whatever color you
like okay and I'm going to just put a
color on both of these
and then grab your half inch circle
punch and I'm going to punch out a piece
of almost amethyst in that color did I
say that car and I don't know what I'm
saying now okay and emboss that okay so
that you've got a little cup shape
now where's my glue right do the same
here sputter glue in the center push
that down offsetting those paddles so
they go in a cross shape like that and
in the center of this one I've just put
a little a little foam dot that's gonna
help keep my little curved half inch
circle curved okay hang on let's put a
little bit of sponging on here first
okay we'll put that in the center like
that and then to finish that off I've
just added some some glue and then okay
where's my glitter and then some glitter
to this little flower okay and that's
finished you can leave it like that or
you can pinch that as well and give it a
little pointed shape like the hydrangeas
as well so that's two little flowers
that you can make from that idea okay
now on my one of the cards I've added
some little curly vine type things into
this card they're really easy to make
just take your large or the wide oval
sorry and I've just used them certainly
celery and I'm just going to punch it
once and then just put that on an angle
so it's thin on one end and thicker on
the other okay and punch that out like
that and then just use a paintbrush to
UM curl it up it's as easy as that
curl it up like that
and then just port from the other end
and you can add these little curls into
your your arm spray of flowers I've also
added the leaves here from the two-step
bird punch and the wing is I've also
used as leaves here in this spray of
flowers now on the hydrangea card I've
showed you how to do these heart this is
also done with the heart punch these
leaves and I've shown you in a previous
video on the fuchsia flower how to do
this so just refer back to that for
those instructions and it also looks
really pretty just as a single flower on
a card so I hope you've enjoyed this
little tutorial today on how to make
these hydrangea flowers and you know
give them a go really easy with your
heart punch this one here I've used an
smaller heart punch I'm not sure what
brand this is so please don't ask and it
just gives you the same flower but
smaller so just have a go with what
you've got at home and I hope you enjoy
thanks see ya
you